Add nucleo_f746zg board (#396)
modm-io/modm: docs/src/guide/installation.md

	alias scons="/usr/bin/env python3 $(which scons)"

> It may be that the linux' version of openocd is out of date. In this case install it
> directly from the [openocd][openocd] home page.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The latest openocd release _0.10.0_ (as of May 2020) is too old for some targets (e.g. _STM32G0_, _STM32G4_).
In this case it might be necessary to compile openocd from git _HEAD_.
```

> You must to compile the [HEAD version of OpenOCD from source][openocd-source].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may need to compile the [HEAD version of OpenOCD from source][openocd-source].
```
~90% of all modm targets work fine with OpenOCD 0.10.
I would like to keep the Installation guide as simple as possible.
